Updates Content Security Policy documentation for ember-cli-content-security-policy@2.x (#146)
ember-learn/cli-guides: guides/basic-use/deploying.md

### Content Security Policy

> It is a best practice to define a Content Security Policy (CSP) for your application and to make it restrictive. A Content Security Policy configuration defines the list of places that your app should accept data from. For example, an app may allow stylesheets from a CDN and images from a specific data storage service. By forbidding everything else common Cross-Site-Scripting (XSS) attacks could be prevented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a best practice to define a Content Security Policy (CSP) for your application and to make it restrictive. A Content Security Policy configuration defines the list of places that your app should accept data from. For example, an app may allow stylesheets from a CDN and images from a specific data storage service. By forbidding everything else, common Cross-Site-Scripting (XSS) attacks can be prevented.
```

> The [`ember-cli-content-security-policy`](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-cli-content-security-policy) addon helps you to develop and test your application with a CSP applied. It could also inject the CSP in the app as a meta tag on build time. As any other addon it should be installed using the Ember CLI:

Reviewer: Are there other addons similar to this?

Reviewer 2: Not that I am aware of.

Author: I think it depends on your criteria for similarity:

- This addon helps you to develop addons and apps that are compliant with a specific content security policy. This is somewhat similar to `ember-a11y-testing`, which helps you to develop apps and addons that are compliant with specific accessible standards (e.g. WCAG 2.0 Level A).
- It makes usage of a security feature (content security policy) easy for an ember application. This could be seen as similar to `ember-cli-sri`, which also helps to use a security feature (Subresource Integrity) in an ember application.

But there is no other addon that deal with Content Security Policy as far as I'm aware of.

```sh
ember install ember-cli-content-security-policy
```

It applies a strict CSP by default, which may break your application. You could relax the policy by configuring the addon. It's configuration is managed with a `config/content-security-policy.js` file.

To allow loading fronts from Google CDN the default configuration and deliver the CSP via meta tag the configuration could be changed to the following:

```javascript {data-filename=config/content-security-policy.js}
module.exports = function(environment) {
  return {

>     delivery: ['meta'],

Reviewer 3: Are there any other options for delivery?

Author: Yes. It could also be delivered using a HTTP response header. Please find details in the documentation: https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-cli-content-security-policy#configuration

### Content Security Policy

It is a best practice to define a Content Security Policy (CSP) for your application and to make it restrictive. A Content Security Policy configuration defines the list of places that your app should accept data from. For example, an app may allow stylesheets from a CDN and images from a specific data storage service. By forbidding everything else, common Cross-Site-Scripting (XSS) attacks can be prevented.

The [`ember-cli-content-security-policy`](https://github.com/rwjblue/ember-cli-content-security-policy) addon helps you to develop and test your application with a CSP applied. It could also inject the CSP in the app as a meta tag on build time. As any other addon it should be installed using the Ember CLI:

```sh
ember install ember-cli-content-security-policy
```

It applies a strict CSP by default, which may break your application. You could relax the policy by configuring the addon. It's configuration is managed with a `config/content-security-policy.js` file.

> To allow loading fronts from Google CDN the default configuration and deliver the CSP via meta tag the configuration could be changed to the following:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To allow loading fonts from Google CDN and deliver the CSP via meta tag, the configuration could be changed to the following:
```
